README.md, before:

# 
<p align="center">
  <a href="#"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nickc1/seebuoy/master/docs/img/seebuoy_logo_text.png" alt="seebuoy"></a>
</p>
<p align="center">
<em>Easily access oceanographic data.</em>
</p>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://seebuoy.com">DOCUMENTATION</a>
</p>
---

seebuoy dumps real time and historic data buoy data from the [NDBC](http://www.ndbc.noaa.gov) into [pandas](https://pandas.pydata.org/) dataframes. It's aim is to be easy to use:

```python
from seebuoy import ndbc

df = ndbc.real_time('41013')
df.head()
```

 | date                |   WDIR |   WSPD |   GST |   WVHT |   DPD |   APD |   MWD |   PRES |   ATMP |   WTMP |   DEWP |   VIS |   PTDY |   TIDE |
|:--------------------|-------:|-------:|------:|-------:|------:|------:|------:|-------:|-------:|-------:|-------:|------:|-------:|-------:|
| 2020-09-26 19:50:00 |    280 |      3 |     4 |    1.1 |     7 |   5.9 |   159 | 1012.8 |   24.7 |   27.2 |   21.8 |   nan |    nan |    nan |
| 2020-09-26 18:50:00 |    290 |      3 |     4 |    1.1 |     7 |   5.7 |   166 | 1013.4 |   24.4 |   27   |   21.7 |   nan |    nan |    nan |
| 2020-09-26 17:50:00 |    310 |      2 |     3 |    1.1 |     7 |   5.6 |   165 | 1013.9 |   24.1 |   26.9 |   21.4 |   nan |    nan |    nan |
| 2020-09-26 16:50:00 |    350 |      3 |     5 |    1.2 |     7 |   5.6 |   164 | 1014.7 |  nan   |   26.8 |  nan   |   nan |    nan |    nan |
| 2020-09-26 16:40:00 |    340 |      3 |     5 |    1.2 |   nan |   5.6 |   164 | 1014.7 |   24   |   26.8 |   21.4 |   nan |    nan |    nan |


See the [documentation](https://seebuoy.com/ndbc) for more detailed description.

## Installation

```
pip install seebuoy
```

Commit message:

Feature/sb-11: Improve interface and simplify backend. (#12)
* initial commit for new interface

* small tweaks to readme

* working historical

* working buoy location logic

* moving into a extract/transform architecture

* working current year scrape

* relative urls

* aggregator

* all data plus txt urls

* working stdmet time series

* started moving over to a single class

* working historical parsers

* all parsers

* blacked and flaked

* reworking interface

* working available data

* working historical pull:

* example notebooks

* working docs

* working notebooks

* adding back in netlify requirements for now

* blacked and flaked

* fixed test

* fixed docs

* removed docs

* fixed failing test

* fixed failing tests 2

README.md, after:

# 
<p align="center">
  <a href="#"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nickc1/seebuoy/master/docs/img/seebuoy_logo_text.png" alt="seebuoy"></a>
</p>
<p align="center">
<em>Easily access real time and historical data from the <a href="http://www.ndbc.noaa.gov">National Data Buoy Center</a>.</em>
</p>

---

seebuoy provides an easy to use python interface to the [National Data Buoy Center](http://www.ndbc.noaa.gov). Easily access realtime data, historical data, and metadata about the buoys.

## Quick Start

```python
from seebuoy import NDBC

ndbc = NDBC()

# Information on NDBC's ~1800 buoys and gliders
df_buoys = ndbc.stations()

# list all available data for all buoys
df_data = ndbc.available_data()

# get all data for a buoy
station_id = "41037"
df_buoy = ndbc.get_station(station_id)
```

See the [documentation](https://seebuoy.com/ndbc) for more detailed description.


## Installation

```
pip install seebuoy
```


## Other Resources

- [The Distributed Oceanographic Data Systems](https://dods.ndbc.noaa.gov)
- [Measurement Descriptions](https://www.ndbc.noaa.gov/measdes.shtml)
- [NDBC File Directory](https://www.ndbc.noaa.gov/data/)
